
- List of Variables -

    1. Player Tracking Variables -
    Includes gameTimer variables, 
    variables for how many kills the player has and how many times they have died
    And Bool checks for various player conditions like if they dodged/blocked an attack or if they have lifesteal


   2. Player Value Variables (stats)
    Includes player Attack, Current and Max HP, Dodge chance, Defence, their XP modifyer (greed), their Challenge level, 
    and their lifesteal
    If the player levels up these stats then the value goes up

    3. Player Experience Varibles -
    Includes the players current level, their XP points, how much XP they gain on kill (challenge + greed influences),
    their unspent skill points, and the required amount of XP for a level up

    4. Enemy Stat Variables
    Includes bool checks for if they are alive, if the lich has spawned for the first time, their current + max health, their damage,
    hit chance, damage BEFORE player defence, their chance to hit (influenced by dodge), their level, and their type.

     5. Variety of UI elements
     This includes enemies appearance, enemy name and stats, action log, and player stats



- Buttons -

        If the player clicks the stats when they have skillpoints, then they gain a level in it.
        Most stats are 3 + 1.25*



- At Game Start -
    
    1. Sets all enemies to be black so as to hide them with the black background.

    2. Gathers all the UI elements so that they appear in game

    3. Intro text is presented on the action log.

    
 
- Timer -
   
   1. Adds Time.Deltatime onto the in game timer.
   
   2. If the timer is equal or more than 1, then it resets it and adds a second onto the gametimer variable

   3. If 60 or more seconds pass, then a minute is added onto the timer and the seconds timer is reset

   (Certainly a better way to do this, this feels rather jank; work with what ya got I suppose)



- UI Elements -

    1. Updates all the text so that the player stats are proper, and the monsters information is proper according to the variables.
    


- Attacking! -
    
    1. If the player presses space, then the code for attacking is ran.

    2. If the enemy is alive then it loses health equal to your attack value; afterwards it counterattacks
    and the player loses health equal to its attack value.

    3. Checks if the player Blocks all incoming damage, dodges, or restores health using lifesteal and changes
    variables depending on the outcomes of that. (Block = less damage, Dodge = no damage, Lifesteal = Healthgain)

    4. If the enemy is on one or less health, then they die, and the player gains XP equal to their level x their level gain amount
    
    5. If the player dies, then the death counter ticks up, and their health is reset to be equal to their maxhealth

    6. If the has more or equal XP than their threshold, then they level up and gain 5 skill points.

    7. The Dreaded and Awful "Condition Check Tangle". A place that many never return from, an endless check for bools that displays
    in the action log what happened during combat. Did the player dodge, level up, and restore health? Did they die and kill the enemy?
    This is checked in the tangle, then displayed as text in the actionlog.

    8. Afterwards all bool checks for what the player did are reset back to false.



- Spawning New Enemies -

    1. If the enemy is dead, then a new one is chosen by random based on challenge level.

    2. Ranging from challenge level 3 to 31, in periods of 3, a new check is made for what enemy type spawns.
    For example: If the players challenge level is 13, then there is an equal chance for enemy types between 2 and 5 to spawn.

    3. Turns all the enemies black again, so that they appear invisible with the black background.

    4. The enemy type chosen becomes white so as to become visible.

    5. The enemies stats (Health Attack and Level) are determined randomly. 
    Their level is determined from a random number between 1 to 5, times player challenge, then times their type number.
    Attack and Health is between 1-10 then times their level.

    6. Sets their base damage to be equal to their current damage (this is used for defence)